All right.
So we got this going actually on the last video here we were with two of they and do some things here
really cool right.
So the next step is we need to display the categories here the titles dynamically.
All right we need to display it related to this post.
So every category related to this post will be displayed right here right.
And then later on we will be displaying the comments made to this specific post.
All right now let's do the category titles first the comments will come after we have to build a commons
for us to comment functions and all that first before we do.
We feel we put it right here so let's go ahead to the code and let's build that category information
right here.
And for that we need to do another query.
We need to find out all of the categories again and I feel like making a function about finding categories
because we've already been doing it so much right.
So we are in the edit edit on the score ph post-up ph right.
And we need to find the categories that we're not finding any categories here.
We don't have any Kohary that would help us out right here.
So we need to actually go to the categories and find some information about that.
Actually I think we are.
And we need to go to update cat on the score categories.
You know what.
Right here.
There we go.
That's that's what we want.
Let's get over this.
All right.
And let's take it over there.
Let's take it to the editor on the score post and where we want to put that actually.
I'm sorry we don't need to go to the exit polls.
We are.
We have a form there we need to go and we'll fix all this or this later on when we are in security.
We need to go to the security area to fix all that section.
We're going to be making some tutorials on security later.
But anyways let's go to the view of polls actually this is where we want the query for the categories.
So we are displaying categories right here.
And if I put some data here like for example like this I'm going to put this here this brackets here.
So I'm going to do this.
And let's go here and check it out.
You will post then we have undefined variable connection there we need to fix all that stuff.
But right now let's go and check this out.
You see that D.
All right.
So let's go ahead and make that Querrey they're perfect.
So separate this right now.
That's why we need to do and let's make the list right up here right here and close it.
We need to actually we don't we don't actually need to do that since we are in ph already.
I was going to separate it but we don't have to we can just put the query right here.
I'm going to piece that query that we got from the page and we're going to say select all from categories
where category ID and this time the category ID needs to be equal to something else to the post ID.
That's what we need right here actually.
Now this one this one here sorry post category ID.
There we go.
And that's the field I'm sure you feel right now.
If you go to the admin I think somewhere here we go this post categories right here and that's what
we're going to be using to relate the other table with this table.
All right.
It's called relational tables.
Go to the polls right now.
All right.
So let's let's check this out.
So we got a Querrey right here and we're going to display everything that has to do with that.
We're going to get the I.D. and we're going to get the title The cat title and then we're going to echo
it.
And we already have that don't we.
No but we need to call this thing.
This guy right here all right.
That's what we need to be going.
Let's put a bracket on there.
All right so I think that should work.
Now just the way it is.
Make sure you close your this out and check it out.
Let's check it out.
There we go.
Category Java.
Let's change a category and see if that works let's change it to procedural BHB Shinsho picture here.
And Java plus Java right.
I'm just changing some of the things here so that way we look at it we'll look at it and different published
and I don't know Ron.
Whoops sorry.
Update.
Let's look at it.
You post procedural H-P So it is working here.
Perfect.
So we got that going we're going to cut that tutorial right here and I'll see you in the next lecture
I think we're doing a pretty good job with this.
All right.
What do you think anyway.
I'll see you in the next one.
All right.
Take care.